Update based on legal requirements. (#900)
huggingface/optimum-habana: docs/source/usage_guides/accelerate_training.mdx

</Tip>

> You can take a look at [Intel® Gaudi® accelerator's official documentation](https://docs.habana.ai/en/latest/PyTorch/PyTorch_User_Guide/Python_Packages.html#memory-stats-apis) for more information about the memory stats API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can take a look at [Intel® Gaudi® AI Accelerator's official documentation](https://docs.habana.ai/en/latest/PyTorch/PyTorch_User_Guide/Python_Packages.html#memory-stats-apis) for more information about the memory stats API.
```

> You can take a look at [Intel(R) Gaudi(R) accelerator Gaudi's official documentation](https://docs.habana.ai/en/latest/PyTorch/PyTorch_User_Guide/Python_Packages.html#memory-stats-apis) for more information about the memory stats API.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can take a look at [Intel(R) Gaudi(R) accelerator's official documentation](https://docs.habana.ai/en/latest/PyTorch/PyTorch_User_Guide/Python_Packages.html#memory-stats-apis) for more information about the memory stats API.
```
